Data/Optimization consolidation (#6369)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/optimizations.md

> * CircleCI provides a range of [convenience images](https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/circleci-images/#section=configuration), typically based on official Docker images, but with a range of useful language tools pre-installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* CircleCI provides a range of [convenience images]({{site.baseurl}}/2.0/circleci-images/#section=configuration), typically based on official Docker images, but with a range of useful language tools pre-installed.
```

> * You can [create your own images](https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/custom-images/#section=configuration), maximizing specificity for your projects. To help with this we provide both a [Docker image build wizard](https://github.com/circleci-public/dockerfile-wizard), and [guidance for building images manually](https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/custom-images/#creating-a-custom-image-manually).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You can [create your own images]({{site.baseurl}}/2.0/custom-images/#section=configuration), maximizing specificity for your projects. To help with this we provide both a [Docker image build wizard](https://github.com/circleci-public/dockerfile-wizard), and [guidance for building images manually]({{site.baseurl}}/2.0/custom-images/#creating-a-custom-image-manually).
```

* Read more on the [Docker Layer Caching]({{site.baseurl}}/2.0/docker-layer-caching) page.

## Caching dependencies
{: #caching-dependencies }

Caching should be one of the first things you consider when trying to optimize your jobs. If a job fetches data at any point, it is likely that you can make use of caching. A common example is the use of a package/dependency manager. If your project uses Yarn, Bundler, or Pip, for example, the dependencies downloaded during a job can be cached for later use rather than being re-downloaded on every build.

* Read more on the [Caching Dependencies]({{site.baseurl}}/2.0/caching) page.

## Workflows
{: #workflows }

Workflows provide a means to define a collection of jobs and their run order. If at any point in your configuration you see a step where two jobs could happily run independent of one another, workflows may be helpful. Workflows also provide several other features to augment and improve your CI/CD configuration. Read more about workflows on the [Workflow]({{site.baseurl}}/2.0/workflows/) page.

> * You can view examples of workflows in the  [CircleCI demo workflows repo](https://github.com/CircleCI-Public/circleci-demo-workflows/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You can view examples of workflows in the [CircleCI demo workflows repo](https://github.com/CircleCI-Public/circleci-demo-workflows/).
```

## Workspaces
{: #workspaces }

Workspaces are used to pass along data that is _unique to a run_ and is needed for _downstream jobs_. So, if you are using workflows, a job run earlier in your build might fetch data and then make it _available later_ for jobs that run later in a build.

To persist data from a job and make it available to downstream jobs via the [`attach_workspace`]({{site.baseurl}}/2.0/configuration-reference#attachworkspace) key, configure the job to use the [`persist_to_workspace`]({{site.baseurl}}/2.0/configuration-reference#persisttoworkspace) key. Files and directories named in the `paths:` property of `persist_to_workspace` will be uploaded to the workflow’s temporary workspace relative to the directory specified with the root key. The files and directories are then uploaded and made available for subsequent jobs (and re-runs of the workflow) to use.

* Read more on the [Workspaces]({{site.baseurl}}/2.0/workspaces/) page.

## Parallelism
{: #parallelism }

> If your project has a large test suite, you can configure your build to use [`parallelism`]({{site.baseurl}}/2.0/configuration-reference#parallelism) together with either [CircleCI's test splitting functionality](https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/parallelism-faster-jobs/#using-the-circleci-cli-to-split-tests) or a [third party application or library](https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/parallelism-faster-jobs/#other-ways-to-split-tests) to split your tests across multiple machines. CircleCI supports automatic test allocation across machines on a file-basis, however, you can also manually customize how tests are allocated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your project has a large test suite, you can configure your build to use [`parallelism`]({{site.baseurl}}/2.0/configuration-reference#parallelism) together with either [CircleCI's test splitting functionality]({{site.baseurl}}/2.0/parallelism-faster-jobs/#using-the-circleci-cli-to-split-tests) or a [third party application or library]({{site.baseurl}}/2.0/parallelism-faster-jobs/#other-ways-to-split-tests) to split your tests across multiple machines. CircleCI supports automatic test allocation across machines on a file-basis, however, you can also manually customize how tests are allocated.
```

* CircleCI provides a range of [convenience images](https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/circleci-images/#section=configuration), typically based on official Docker images, but with a range of useful language tools pre-installed.
* You can [create your own images](https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/custom-images/#section=configuration), maximizing specificity for your projects. To help with this we provide both a [Docker image build wizard](https://github.com/circleci-public/dockerfile-wizard), and [guidance for building images manually](https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/custom-images/#creating-a-custom-image-manually).

## Docker layer caching
{: #docker-layer-caching }

Docker layer caching is a feature that can help to reduce the _build time_ of a Docker image in your build. DLC is useful if you find yourself frequently building Docker images as a regular part of your CI/CD process.

> DLC is similar to _caching dependencies_ mentioned above in that it _saves_ the image layers that you build within your job, making them available on subsequent builds.

Reviewer 2: It's mentioned below not above. Maybe just take out "mentioned above"? Also, maybe we should alphabetise the items on this page as there is no other ordering I don't think

* Read more on the [Docker Layer Caching]({{site.baseurl}}/2.0/docker-layer-caching) page.

## Caching dependencies
{: #caching-dependencies }

Caching should be one of the first things you consider when trying to optimize your jobs. If a job fetches data at any point, it is likely that you can make use of caching. A common example is the use of a package/dependency manager. If your project uses Yarn, Bundler, or Pip, for example, the dependencies downloaded during a job can be cached for later use rather than being re-downloaded on every build.

* Read more on the [Caching Dependencies]({{site.baseurl}}/2.0/caching) page.

## Workflows
{: #workflows }

> Workflows provide a means to define a collection of jobs and their run order. If at any point in your build you see a step where two jobs could happily run independent of one another, workflows may be helpful. Workflows also provide several other features to augment and improve your build configuration. Read more about workflows on the [Workflow]({{site.baseurl}}/2.0/workflows/) page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Workflows provide a means to define a collection of jobs and their run order. If at any point in your configuration you see a step where two jobs could happily run independent of one another, workflows may be helpful. Workflows also provide several other features to augment and improve your CI/CD configuration. Read more about workflows on the [Workflow]({{site.baseurl}}/2.0/workflows/) page.
```

* You can view examples of workflows in the  [CircleCI demo workflows repo](https://github.com/CircleCI-Public/circleci-demo-workflows/).

## Workspaces
{: #workspaces }

> **Note**: Using workspaces presumes that you are also using [Workflows](#workflows).

Reviewer 2: We can remove this line. I think we can now assume everyone uses workflows anyway.

Workspaces are used to pass along data that is _unique to a run_ and is needed for _downstream jobs_. So, if you are using workflows, a job run earlier in your build might fetch data and then make it _available later_ for jobs that run later in a build.

> To persist data from a job and make it available to downstream jobs via the [`attach_workspace`]({{site.baseurl}}/2.0/configuration-reference#attachworkspace) key, configure the job to use the [`persist_to_workspace`]({{site.baseurl}}/2.0/configuration-reference#persisttoworkspace) key. Files and directories named in the paths: property of `persist_to_workspace` will be uploaded to the workflow’s temporary workspace relative to the directory specified with the root key. The files and directories are then uploaded and made available for subsequent jobs (and re-runs of the workflow) to use.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To persist data from a job and make it available to downstream jobs via the [`attach_workspace`]({{site.baseurl}}/2.0/configuration-reference#attachworkspace) key, configure the job to use the [`persist_to_workspace`]({{site.baseurl}}/2.0/configuration-reference#persisttoworkspace) key. Files and directories named in the `paths:` property of `persist_to_workspace` will be uploaded to the workflow’s temporary workspace relative to the directory specified with the root key. The files and directories are then uploaded and made available for subsequent jobs (and re-runs of the workflow) to use.
```

* Read more on the [Workspaces]({{site.baseurl}}/2.0/workspaces/) page.

> * The [Workflows]({{site.baseurl}}/2.0/workflows/#using-workspaces-to-share-data-among-jobs) page has additional information about using workspaces to share data among jobs.

Reviewer 2: This line can go, I moved it all to the Worspaces page I think, linked to in the line above.

> Using `resource_class`, it is possible to configure CPU and RAM resources for each job. For Cloud, see [this table](https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/configuration-reference/#resourceclass) for a list of available classes, and for self hosted installations contact your system administrator for a list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using `resource_class`, it is possible to configure CPU and RAM resources for each job. For Cloud, see [this table]({{site.baseurl}}/2.0/configuration-reference/#resourceclass) for a list of available classes, and for self hosted installations contact your system administrator for a list.
```

* See the `resource_class` section of the [Configuration Reference]({{site.baseURL}}/2.0/configuration-reference/#resourceclass) for more information.

## See also
{: #see-also }
{:.no_toc}

- [Persisting Data]({{site.baseurl}}/2.0/persist-data)

> - For a complete list of customizations that can be made your build, consider reading our [configuration reference]({{site.baseurl}}/2.0/configuration-reference/).

Reviewer: "list of customizations that can be made **to** or **in**", possibly?
